README.md, before:


  # Readme-Generator
  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MITLicense-yellow)

  [Creator](https://github.com/rxjas)

  ## Overview
    The Readme-generator is a node application that allows you to speed up the development process by allowing you to quickly create a README that is of high-quality, and informative.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Preview](#Preview)
  * [Installation](#Installation)
  * [Usage](#Usage)
  * [License](#License)
  * [Contributing](#Contributing)
     
  ## Preview
  ![](/utils/preview.PNG)
  Check out an example of what the application can do in the sampleREADME

  ## Installation
  * Install node into your terminal
  * Clone the project onto your machine
  * Use -npm install- 
  * Once installed do -npm install inquirer-
  * Now run -node index.js-

  ## Usage
    After following installation run -node index.js- to start the application.
    Answer all of the questions. 
    Review the generated README and text. 
    Then copy the README and license text to your project folder.

    *NOTE*
    If you decide you do not need sections of the README, also delete the links to them in the Table of Contents.

  ## License
    Licensed under the MITLicense
    Copyright (c) 2020 Christopher Rojas

  ## Contributing
    This project has adopted Contributor Covenant V2.0.

Commit message:

added a complete readme and preview image

README.md, after:


  # Employee-Directory
  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MITLicense-yellow)

  [Creator](https://github.com/Rxjas)

  ## Description 
    This is an application that utilizes react to display employee information in a simple and easy to read table.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Preview](#Preview)
  * [Installation](#Installation)
  * [Usage](#Usage)
  * [License](#License)
  * [Contributing](#Contributing)
  * [Test](#Tests)
  * [Questions?](#Questions?)
     
  ## Preview
  ![](INSERT FILE PATH TO IMAGE/GIF HERE)

  [Deployed](https://rxjas.github.io/Employee-Directory/)

  ## Installation
    To begin you must do -npm install- to get all dependencies.

  ## Usage
    run -npm start- to start the react application

  ## License
    Licensed under the MITLicense
    Copyright (c) 2020 Christopher Rojas

  ## Contributing
    This project has adopted Contributor Covenant V2.0. 

  ## Tests
    There are currently no tests. Checkout the deployed application.

  ## Questions?
    Send to: chris.rxjas@gmail.com
